Autoconf

Autoconf is an extensible package of m4 macros that produce shell
scripts to automatically configure software source code packages.
These scripts can adapt the packages to many kinds of UNIX-like
systems without manual user intervention.  Autoconf creates a
configuration script for a package from a template file that lists the
operating system features that the package can use, in the form of m4
macro calls.

Producing configuration scripts using Autoconf requires GNU m4.  You
must install GNU m4 (version 1.4 or later) before configuring
Autoconf, so that Autoconf's configure script can find it.  The
configuration scripts produced by Autoconf are self-contained, so
their users do not need to have Autoconf (or GNU m4).

Also, some optional utilities that come with Autoconf use Perl.
However, it is not required in order to use the main Autoconf program.
If it is not present, the affected Autoconf utilities will not be
installed.

You can use the program `autoheader' to automatically create a
configuration header from a `configure.in'.

The file INSTALL should be distributed with packages that use
Autoconf-generated configure scripts and Makefiles that conform to the
GNU coding standards.  The package's README can just give an overview
of the package, where to report bugs, and a pointer to INSTALL for
instructions on compilation and installation.  This removes the need
to maintain many similar sets of installation instructions.

Mail suggestions and bug reports for Autoconf to autoconf@gnu.org.
Please include the Autoconf version number, which you can get by
running `autoconf --version'.

PS/ Oops, by the way, please read the file `INSTALL' to install
Autoconf ;)
